---
layout: post
title: "Cosverse"
date: 2024-10-07 12:00:00 +0000   # adjust date/time
categories: [blog]                # add more categories if needed
tags: [event, boothing]           # add relevant tags
author: Laksayo
featured_image: "/assets/images/rambles/cosverse7.jpg"
featured_crop_x: 50   # horizontal crop (0 = left, 50 = center, 100 = right)
featured_crop_y: 35   # vertical crop (0 = top, 50 = center, 100 = bottom)
featured_zoom: 1      # scale factor (1 = normal size, 1.2 = zoomed 20%)
media_columns: 4
media:
  - type: image
    src: "/assets/images/rambles/cosverse1.jpg"
  - type: image
    src: "/assets/images/rambles/cosverse2.jpg"
    crop_x: 50
    crop_y: 50
  - type: image
    src: "/assets/images/rambles/cosverse3.jpg"
    crop_x: 50
    crop_y: 45
  - type: image
    src: "/assets/images/rambles/cosverse4.jpg"
    crop_x: 50
    crop_y: 60
  - type: image
    src: "/assets/images/rambles/cosverse5.jpg"
  - type: image
    src: "/assets/images/rambles/cosverse7.jpg"
    crop_x: 50
    crop_y: 60
  - type: image
    src: "/assets/images/rambles/cosverse8.jpg"
    crop_x: 50
    crop_y: 60
  - type: image
    src: "/assets/images/rambles/cosverse9.jpg"
    crop_x: 50
    crop_y: 60
  # add more media items if needed
permalink: /rambles/cosverse/
---
Hello! I visited Cosverse at HometeamsNS Khatib to support my friends who are boothing for the first time as cosplayers! Due to eating sushi with bubble tea (suspected) I wasn’t feeling too good that day. I met up with that same friend who signed adoption papers and had lunch (once again Yakiniku). We bought some donuts to share with friends and proceeded to the event.

The event was smaller than I expected. As I already had a impression of the venue having tabled at Doujinfes Khatib in the same location, I was surprised to see that the event had only booked half the space that was available. There was a decent amount of crowd outside the hall, taking photos and camping.

Entering the hall, I realized that the cosplayer tables were placed near the entrance and exits, causing a huge stagnant crowd as people were queuing for cosplayer interactions. People had to squeeze past these queues to get to the artist booths. Further in, it was more spacious as artists booths tend to have people transact quickly and leave.

I quickly visited my artist friends, chatting and catching up. The general consensus was that the event was about the same as the previous Cosfest. It was understandable since this event was catered to cosplayers as well. On the other hand it seemed that my cosplayer friends who were boothing for the same time did better than expected. That’s great :)

I had pictures taken by a photographer who recognized and praised my cosplay. I fooled around with friends for the whole day taking crack pictures and video. We then went to dinner at one-north. Due to the immense fun and joy I had hanging out with friends on day 1, I decided to go again on day 2.

I had a friend who was supposed to cosplay as Xavier at a mutual’s booth but was unfortunately sick. I decided to fill in for her impromptu. To avoid losing face I got 1 friend to come to support and buy my cheki he he. I visited the photographer friend that I missed the previous day and had some photos taken. Once again, another day filled with happiness and craziness mingling with friends passed quickly. I left earlier at around 5pm to rest up. I had plans to visit the Artscience Museum for the Ghibli exhibition early morning the next. (This meant I once again came home to my extended family in cosplay… maybe they will get used to it…)